Because this business makes money
The pigs rolling in the middle are all getting into the eyes of money
You use them to govern the country
He also said that he was not a fool
We all have desires.
Or greed for fame or power
Or greedy or lustful
It is normal for officials to love money
You are encouraging officials to be corrupt and take bribes.
If officials take bribes
What about self-owned imperial history supervision?
If it is verified to be true, you can restore it if you want.
What can I do without it?
You even use corrupt officials
It's not a fool
Then I ask you
How many honest officials have there been throughout the ages?
How many corrupt officials are there?
Honest officials are rare
Few
Corrupt officials are like the killing of the Yellow River
invincible
I ask you again
Honest officials must be good
Corrupt officials must be broken
Honest officials are naturally good
Corrupt officials are naturally bad
Integrity is just integrity
Doesn't mean he can do things
I want to be an official
People on the rich side
I am not afraid of their corruption
I'm not afraid that they will dissolve the party
What I am afraid of is not seeking a job in his position
Those who sit in the pit and don't shit
Even if what you say makes sense
Isn't it a fact that you gun people and harm people?